update `BarcodeDetector` exceptions and parameters (#30343)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/barcodedetector/detect/index.md

- {{jsxref("TypeError")}}
  - : No parameter is specified or the `type` is not that of an
    `ImageBitmapSource`.
- `SecurityError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the `imageBitmapSource` has an origin and is not the same as the document's origin, or if the `imageBitmapSource` is a {{domxref('HTMLCanvasElement')}} and its [origin-clean](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/canvas.html#concept-canvas-origin-clean) flag it set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown if the `imageBitmapSource` has an origin and is not the same as the document's origin, or if the `imageBitmapSource` is a {{domxref('HTMLCanvasElement')}} and its [origin-clean](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/canvas.html#concept-canvas-origin-clean) flag is set to `false`.
```

- `InvalidStateError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the `imageBitmapSource` is an {{domxref('HTMLImageElement')}} and it is not fully decoded or decodes failed, or if the `imageBitmapSource` is an {{domxref('HTMLVideoElement')}} and its {{domxref('HTMLMediaElement.readyState', 'readyState')}} is `HAVE_NOTHING` or `HAVE_METADATA`.

Reviewer: There's a corrupted (https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/images.html#img-error) state, but this is implied by decoding failed, so I think this covers it:

```suggestion
  - : Thrown if the `imageBitmapSource` is an {{domxref('HTMLImageElement')}} and is not fully decoded or decoding failed, or is an {{domxref('HTMLVideoElement')}} and its {{domxref('HTMLMediaElement.readyState', 'readyState')}} is `HAVE_NOTHING` or `HAVE_METADATA`.
```
